Modernised macOS style, added Android (#12)
syncthing/website: content/_index.md

  just between your own devices.

- **Portable.** Configure and monitor Syncthing via a responsive and powerful

>   interface accessible via your browser. Works on macOS, Windows, Linux, Android,
>   FreeBSD, Solaris and OpenBSD. Run it on your desktop computers, phones and tablets, and synchronize

Reviewer: Perhaps reorder by actual usage stats and simplify the (now even longer) list of random unixes?

```suggestion
  interface accessible via your browser. Works on Linux, Windows, Android, macOS, 
  and other Unixes. Run it on your desktop computers, phones and tablets, and synchronize
```
